[GPU] FP8 Documentation fixup (#2904)
uxlfoundation/oneDNN: doc/primitives/convolution.md

3. **GPU**
   - Depthwise post-op is not supported

>    - Optimized implementation is available for fp8 types on Intel(R) Data
>      Center GPU Max Series and Intel(R) Xe2 Graphics only.

Reviewer: Technically this limitation is not needed at all, as we reference Data Types section in item (1) of the implementation limitations.

If you want to explicitly bring attention to upconvert-based version I'd suggest something along these lines: 
```suggestion
   - `f8` implementation uses Intel XMX cores only on Intel GPUs based on Xe-HPC and Xe2-LPG, and Xe2-HPG uArch.
```

Author: fixed, thanks.
